Rebecca Neal

General comments:

I know that this has been a tough semester for you. I suspect it would be easy to be discouraged and just
give up on R, but I hope that you don't do that. I believe that despite the difficulties that you have the 
core learning in place that would allow you to practice and learn more on your own. I believe that it would
serve you well if you take that path. It has been a pleasure having you in the course this semester.


Total score: 34



Reproducibilty: 9

Correctly initiated a repo, established a .gitignore file, and tracked the project with descriptive comments. Readme file
is sparse and not descriptive for outsiders.

Neatness: 8

A well-documented project with appropriate narrative. Adherence to the style guide throughout the notebook.
Readable output, but could have used a few more section headings and provided more narrative with statistics and graphs
for the three research questions.

Functions: 5

Did not create a function for identifying residuals. Function for Likert scoring incorporated into script.
No functions file. No argument definitions. No sourcing.

Data prep: 7

CSV files not included, even though they had apparently been adjusted "offline." These were recreated and then read in.
Primary key checked, but not foreign keys, so problem with GPA not found. Did not filter out inconsistent GPAs but
instead filtered out based on GPA value. Likert scale scored correctly and summed. Files joined, but GPA turned into
a factor thus creating problems with calculations.

Graphs: 3

Graphs created are labeled, but not all graphs were constructed to address research questions and those that were
constructed are not correct.

Descriptive statistics: 1

Descriptive statistics are missing, though an attempt was made to calculate the correlation.

Inferential statistics: 0

Inferential statistics are missing.

Team collaboration: 1

Made pull request but made it to master instead of development branch. Notebook that was sent to the master had
nothing in it other than my remarks.
